you can get bioavailable protein from
plants it's not as good as the the
protein that you get from meat it's just
not can it sustain you yes it can can
you be a healthy person and live a
[ __ ] balanced life on a completely
vegetarian diet 100% but I would always
recommend eat free-range eggs you're not
hurting a chicken
nothing gets hurt it is free food we
have chickens they roam around they eat
vegetables nobody eats them the chickens
live a [ __ ] healthy life they lay
eggs we eat the eggs the eggs are
healthy as [ __ ] Cheetos find a place
that has free-range chickens ate the
eggs eggs from rescued chickens that
live like in someone's backyard and
they're well cared for they're treated
like like you would treat a dog or a cat
right I think a really good example
would be again a backyard hen you know
having a hen who produces unfertilized
eggs and then consuming those eggs
assuming the Hinn is well cared for and
loved and all of that kind of stuff what
would be the harm do we really think
that a chicken if a chicken could care
that she would care about us consuming
her period I've had like a dream where I
would have chickens when I have like my
own house one day with like family I
would have chickens and I want to eat
their eggs
I'm not into animal suffering I don't
think they should suffer but if you try
to say the people are not herbivores or
that people are herbivores rather and
then we're not
omnivores you're crazy it's just not
true it's not fact and they show picture
these are not the teeth of a carnivore
these are the teeth that were not
carnivores stupid or omnivores they show
you a chest and everything yeah we look
real similar and our teeth too [ __ ]
chimps and chimps are omnivores and the
human diet is a very complex thing when
you attach that human diet to ideology
then it gets really screwed because
you're not dealing you're not dealing
with people that are being honest about
dietary like what is really important
and for our dietary requirements how
your body functions what the studies
show I wanted to start this video
outside over here because it's nice and
sunny I was thinking about how I was
vegan for 18 months and it was a long 18
months and
biggest thing that I that happened to me
was that I developed some serious health
problems it made my life miserable and
that's what I want to talk to you guys
about today is the eating disorders that
so many people have because of what they
think is healthy and unhealthy and it
wasn't so much that I suffered
physically I did but I also suffered
mentally even my mother she said hey you
know you're running into some some
health issues maybe the vegan diet isn't
the best diet for you and what's funny
is that she is vegan if you look at it
objectively the objective the first
thing anybody should say first thing
across the board get rid all the [ __ ]
sugar that's number one yeah get rid all
the refined carbohydrates eat more
vegetables I think you guys don't eat
more vegetables eat healthy fats get
some form of omega fatty acids recognize
that the omega fatty acids you get from
flaxseed oil are not as bioavailable
it's fact from studies not as
bioavailable as in mega fatty acids you
get from fish and meat yeah just not the
meat the protein you see well broccoli
has 15 verbs okay it's not as
bioavailable you [ __ ] and you know it's
not it's just not yeah so you can get
bioavailable protein from plants you get
it from hemp you get it from quinoa you
get it from peas pea proteins very good
but it's not as good as the the protein
that you get from meat it's just not and
I got a real belly and I got to love
myself and then I thought I think that I
need to eat some meat so by the weekend
I delved into eating some salmon and
fish and eggs I feel so good I want to
cry here's some of the symptoms I was
experiencing for the past couple of
months I was extremely bloated every
second of the day
my stomach would swell and I felt sick
I have indigestion my acne has gotten
way worse my nails started sucking my
toenails fell off I was experiencing
hair loss which really sucks because I
have super fine hair in the first place
I started gaining weight even though I
was working out more than I ever had
before and probably the worst out of all
of this was the fact that I couldn't
control my eating and I was just on a
binge every night what were you saying
before the podcast started you were
gonna bring it up again about veganism
coming from a religion yeah veganism
started with the 7th Adventist Church I
believe and so these people that were in
this church were like the first real
group of vegans the Church of 7th
Adventist I think is what it's called is
where it came from like 1863 is when
that like movement I guess started
everybody I'd started early I'm sure
people were doing it earlier they're not
obviously but I think that that's where
the the roots came in and I just find
that really interesting because it does
you know it does seem like a religion it
seems like today it seems like a lot of
times you get I get called out a lot on
Instagram and stuff like that from
people that are vegan saying like I
can't believe you do this and bla bla
but I would never go on their page and
say anything to them at all well so
they're proselytizing I mean that's
that's a big part of this whole
community is its there's a moral high
ground they stand on it and then a lot
of these people especially people with
vegan in their name and their screen
name they always go after people yeah
and they try to shame people and vegans
are slightly absolutely crazy like you
don't realize it until you go and be
friends with sort of people on Facebook
people just general vegans who do
activism and stuff that they are that
crazy and it kind of really hurts me
because in a way I feel like they are
causing people not to be vegan because
they are the kind of crazy people that
you see on the internet that meat eaters
and vegetarians would just be like whoa
I don't want to be vegan because they
are crazy
and but basically I've been told
multiple times like people on the
internet that I'm not vegan and Anna's
come to that point now where I've just
decided you know what no I'm not vegan
I just want to completely disconnect
myself from the world of vegans because
they're all freaking crazy and not all
of us
not everyone some people are really nice
but a lot of people are just absolutely
crazy what they're doing is in in many
ways is a very good thing they're not
participating in factory farming right
they're not participating in the horrors
that we see in these [ __ ] PETA videos
where you see cows and pigs and chickens
are just being tortured all that [ __ ]
that is disgusting and that should be
eliminated and shouldn't be a part of
modern culture but in terms of like the
humane raising and killing of animals
look they're not gonna live forever
and I don't care what you say I don't
think that killing an animal is wrong I
don't think that death is wrong I think
that death is just as natural as life so
I have many times contemplated going out
and going fishing and catching my own
fish or going I don't think I could ever
go hunting I don't think I could bring
myself to do that even fishing like I
don't think I could bring myself to be
the one who actually does the killing
just personally but I know plenty of
people that go hunting and they bring
food back or go fishing I have so many
guy friends I go fishing all the time
and bring food back and I don't think
there's anything wrong with that and I
don't think me eating that food there'd
be anything wrong with it if you want to
get rid of dairy and you don't want I
get it man I've seen Garrett dairy farms
it's [ __ ] up you see what they're
doing it cows and they you know what the
way they treat them the way they raise
them and just the whole idea behind it
like making them lactate the only time
but cow's lactate is when they have a
baby Yeah right so they keep them in
this state and it's just it's unnatural
and that is a reality of dairy
production and if you don't want to be a
part of that that's a hundred percent
Noble it's the same position that I hold
on drinking cow's milk it if it can be
guaranteed that the animals do not
suffer as a result of you doing that
then I have no problem with it we use
animals and people for a companionship
for support you know emotional support
financial support we don't consider
these practices exploitative or abusive
so you have like a sheep as a pet and
you share it and you and you where it's
it's waste again we're talking about
essentially a waste product it's
something that would go to waste if it
were not used again if assuming that the
the sheep that the animal is well cared
for and loved and all of that and not
harmed what is the harm what what is
wrong with that situation it's morally
unjustifiable to unnecessarily take
advantage of an animal merely for the
resources that it can provide there is a
reason why the word milk is synonymous
with the word exploitation whether a cow
can conceptualize the exploitation or
not is besides the point the fact that
we can recognize such acts is immoral
therefore means 'we have a moral
responsibility to not commit tsar jack
we have to be honest about nutrition
requirements not about the ideology of
veganism and this is the problem with
these people and so many of them
especially the ones with vegan attach to
their identity because they use the name
like V I'm I'm vegan warrior this is
vegan Prince and the vegan defender
they're [ __ ] morons who joined a gang
that is why I am no longer vegan and I
do not want to be associated with it I
think it's gross I just oh no they are a
bunch of crazy psycho people no no all
vegans some vegans are absolutely lovely
but like this is the problem the
majority of people that I have added
have turned out to be crazy and I got
told I was this that's all potatoes you
cannot be vegan if you vote Tory but you
can't and I thought this is stupid of
course you can be weak enough rotatory
like that's just you know that that
should political views they shouldn't be
even though they also have a part of it
they shouldn't just be instantly put on
you like oh you vote Tory you're no
longer vegan like I broke down literally
broke down and cried because I was just
like I have been trying so so hard to be
a good purse
and give up animal products and do all
this stuff and it's a hard journey I
mean people are no vegans always say oh
it's super duper easy to go vegan but
it's not always SuperDuper easy you know
it takes a lot of concentration and a
lot of preparing and you know it takes a
lot and then to be shut down by a group
of people saying you are 100% not vegan
is just kind of like oh thanks you know
all my efforts that I put in well
they're not wasted but my whole point is
is that there are some people who want
to be part of this vegan community
because it seems like a lovely community
of people but unfortunately it isn't and
what they do is they start eating plants
they start talking [ __ ] and they go
looking to just go after anybody who's
not on the same page as them and a lot
of these people they give up a lot of
these people they get to a point where
the health can't take it anymore and I
[ __ ] give up there's some people that
own that restaurant in California in
Hollywood what is it called something
Cafe
Thank You Cafe Gratitude yeah yeah these
people were I mean the [ __ ] health
was falling apart so they decided to
raise their own cattle and eat their own
me and vegans found out they got death
threats and people were [ __ ] going
after them yes man it was a terrifying
thing for these people they're older
folks and they they they have their own
farm they were raising their own farm
animals and they decided to start eating
them and when they made these posts
about starting and these people went
after them and you know it's not this is
not kindness and you know this is not
someone who's compassionate he's a
[ __ ] [ __ ] in a gang and that they're
in the plant gang
[Music]
evolution